[docs] Example of autoloading and merging (#33189)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/guides/build/projects/project-structure/combining-components-with-pythonic-definitions.md

---
description: Learn how to combine Dagster Components with traditional Pythonic asset definitions in a single project.
sidebar_position: 400
title: Combining Components with Pythonic definitions
---

As your Dagster project grows, you may want to leverage [Components](/guides/build/components) for standardized data pipelines while still maintaining traditional <PyObject section="assets" module="dagster" object="asset" decorator /> definitions for custom logic. This guide shows how to combine both approaches in a single project using `Definitions.merge`.

## When to use this pattern

This pattern is useful when you:

- Want to use Components for standardized integrations (Sling, dbt, etc.) but need custom Python logic for specific transformations

> - Are migrating an existing project to Components incrementally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Are [migrating an existing project to Components](/guides/build/projects/moving-to-components) incrementally
```

- Have team members who prefer working with Python code while others benefit from Components' declarative approach

## Example project structure

Here's a project that combines Components with traditional Pythonic assets:

<CliInvocationExample path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/combining-components-with-pythonic-defs/1-tree.txt" />

This structure includes:

| Directory | Purpose |
|-----------|---------|
| `defs/` | Contains Dagster Components (Sling, dbt, etc.) that are auto-loaded |
| `assets/` | Traditional `@asset` definitions written in Python |

> | `resources/` | Shared resources used by both Components and Pythonic assets |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `resources/` | Shared resources used by both Component definitions and Pythonic asset definitions |
```

## Combining definitions

> The key to combining Components with Pythonic assets is using `Definitions.merge`. This merges multiple `Definitions` objects together:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key to combining Component with Pythonic asset definitions is using `Definitions.merge`. This merges multiple `Definitions` objects together:
```

<CodeExample
  path="docs_snippets/docs_snippets/guides/dg/combining-components-with-pythonic-defs/component_defs.py"
  startAfter="start_definitions_simple"
  endBefore="end_definitions_simple"
  title="my_project/src/my_project/definitions.py"
/>

This pattern:
1. Uses `load_from_defs_folder` to automatically discover and load Components from the `defs/` folder
2. Creates a separate `Definitions` object for your Pythonic assets

> 3. Merges them together using `Definitions.merge`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Merges the Component and Pythonic asset definitions together using `Definitions.merge`
```
